So let's go back to our two examples,
the Medical Model and Spam E-mail Model.
Recalled for the medical model we have four possibilities.
A true positive, which is when
the patient is sick and we correctly diagnosed him as sick.
A true negative, which is when the patient is
not sick and we correctly diagnosed him as not sick.
A false positive, which is when a patient is
healthy and we incorrectly diagnosed him as sick.
And finally, a false negative,
which is when the patient is sick and we incorrectly diagnosed him as healthy.
Now let's forget about the two correct ones and focus only on the mistakes.
Below we'll have a quiz.
Which one do you think is worse,
a false positive or a false negative?
In other words, what is a worse mistake to misdiagnose
a healthy patient as sick or a sick patient as healthy?
Now let's go back to our other model,
the Spam E-mail Model.
So we have two emails,
one non-spam from a grandmother telling us she baked
cookies and one spam from a questionable source.
Recall that for this model,
we again have four possibilities.
A true positive, which is when the spam e-mail gets correctly sent into the spam folder.
A true negative, which is when
our grandmother's e-mail gets correctly send to the Inbox folder.
A false positive, which is when the grandmother's e-mail
accidentally gets sent to the spam folder.
And finally, a false negative,
which is when a spam e-mail accidentally gets sent to our inbox.
Now again, let's forget about the two correct ones and focus only on the mistakes.
So below there will be another quiz.
Which one do you think is worse,
a false positive or a false negative?
In other words, what is a worst mistake?
To accidentally send your grandmother's e-mail to
the spam folder or to accidentally send the spam e-mail into your inbox?
Enter your answers below.